Privacy Policy for Artful Vision
Effective Date: 2/19/2024

Artful Vision ("we", "us", or "our") operates the Artful Vision mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

Your privacy is critically important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose information through the Service. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at [Your Contact Information].

1. Information We Collect
As of now, the Service does not collect any personal information from its users. We do not require users to provide any personal data for accessing and using the Service.

Future Collection of Email Addresses
In the future, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your email address, for purposes such as sending newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information that may be of interest to you. You will have the option to opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

2. Use of Information
Any personal information we collect in the future will be used for the purposes stated at the time of collection. This may include:

To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To send you news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
3. Sharing of Information
We do not share or sell your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.

4. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

5. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting to this website, and/or updating the app with a banner
